README.md, before:

# Enabling an IoT reference architecture in AWS and Solace

Set up a demo IoT reference architecture in AWS for QoS0 and QoS1 messaging to core applications and QoS0 messaging to edge applications.

## Overview

This project provides a guide to enabling an IoT reference architecture in AWS. The IoT reference architecture itself is evolving along with the features/functionality within it. Therefore this is one phase of a work in progress that will evolve with reference architecture itself.

The project provides an easy to understand set of steps to bring up a Solace messaging IoT infrastructure in AWS as well as provides a basic set of tests to validate the infrastructure and demonstrate Solace messaging functionality in AWS.

## Documentation

Please read [Documentation](https://SolaceLabs.github.io/sl-iot-ref-arch1) for complete documentation for description of test infrastructure, as well as how to install and run tests.

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Authors

See the list of [contributors](https://github.com/SolaceLabs/sl-iot-ref-arch1/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0. - See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Resources

For more information try these resources:

- Learn more at the Solace Developer Portal website at: http://dev.solace.com
- Get a better understanding of [Solace technology](http://dev.solace.com/tech/).
- Check out the [Solace blogs](http://dev.solace.com/blog/) for other interesting discussions around Solace technology
- Find out more about [Solace in IoT] (https://solace.com/internet-of-things)
- Ask the [Solace community](http://dev.solace.com/community/)

Commit message:

Move to Cloud-Formation and autoscaling groups

README.md, after:

# Autoscale IoT solution with AWS Cloud Formation, Cloud Watch, and AutoScale Groups

This project exemplifies using AWS autoscale groups in conjunction with Solace PubSub+ software message broker standard edition to build dynamically scallable multiprotocol messaging clusters.

There is a 3 tier architecture.  Starting at the client edge:
 * A loadbalancer layer that abstracts the complexity of the autoscale group.  Clients have a single connection point.
 * Scalable edge message brokers layer that handle a dynamic client count and workload.
 * Consolidated core message broker layer that provides a simple connectivity point for back end applications. 

![alt text](/images/aws_autoscale.png "autoscale components")


You will need to provide the following as inputs, they are not created in these templates:
 * Solace PubSub+ AMIid, 
 * existing VPC, 
 * existing Subnets, and 
 * existing security groups

 There are several ways to obtain a Solace PubSub+ Standard AMI reference.  A simple method is to view it in the AWS Marketplace.
Once logged into AWS folow the following link, select correct region and note AMI:
https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/server/configuration?productId=33e0d3e8-860c-4411-89bd-afce4dc59c64&ref_=psb_cfg_continue

![alt text](/images/obtain_ami.png "solace in marketplace")

Click below to launch in AWS Cloud Formation:   

<a href="https://console.aws.amazon.com/cloudformation/home#/stacks/new?stackName=AutoScale&templateURL=https://s3.amazonaws.com/kbarr/solace-aws-iot-autoscale/latest/templates/solace-iot.template" target="_blank">
    <img src="/images/launch-button-existing.png"/>
</a>
